Yes it is very much in the lullaby song round today of the carburetor of the Super Cub 50 Noah
That Well this a little before I'd think you try to introduce a way of setting the adjustment
I bought it in the second hand, but I was immediately stalled by waiting for that signal.
The road to that est
After a little take a look at the net I thought I wonder if does not fix it
It was written that something like a carburetor's idling adjustment could be fixed
a I actually got pretty good when I tried it
So I will try to introduce the method this time
Well I also got that kind of bike
I may say something a bit wrong because I'm a beginner
Well, I will not try to make such a grudge to introduce the video introduced this time.
If you are going to have a blog or something more detailed
I think it would be better to try Gugu on the net for a moment
Yes that 's the way of adjustment, but it's a share of
Well here if you come around like this
There is a small hole in the side of this side, but here in the back of this hole is something here
There is a carburetor like this
In this place on this and with this plus screw
a There is a screw with a screw here, but this one has a longer air
It seems that this negative screw called screw
The right brain looks like a throttle stop screw with an idle adjustment screw
Is it
It's an adjustment volcano
But it niece full Mars first to the right towards people here of negative here of minus
I want
First turn to the right until you can not turn until the emmer stops
It seems to be about one and a half turns to the left after turning it all the way to the right
Depending on the softening blog
Hey that is bought with the softening return one rotation and 1/8 Toka softening one rotation and a half I
It seems that it is a little different to say how many things you want to bring back depending on people
But I want to
Return one rotation and a half to the left from a place of not turning the far right to turn to go fury more
a just seems to be nice
Like has become something guideline is return one rotation and a half since the beginning of the most right I wonder if the proper value
is
Hey maa then I 'll run the engine once and tweak it
Mostly I was in good condition as a version in one time
Something like an engine or something like poppo at the beginning
It was quite bad condition for some time when I just started the engine
a 5 root canal version of turn 3 nor to the end
I guess I turned it to the right and then turned it back one turn to the left
It became a very good engine movement
I 'm getting better , so here 's a screw on the right with this plus
It is possible to rotational speed adjustment where the engine at idle next Once you have it at me adjusted to some extent
Adjust this
To the left that we will So in will raise the number of revolutions of the engine at the time of mouse and idle on the right side and
Speed decreases by turning
It's a picture so it's too bad to turn it to the left too much, but it's no use
It will continue to reduce the number of revolutions to the extent that it does not air engine stall over the engine
Ma Marina
I will not stop too much because it will stop immediately at the signal waiting etc when it turns that down
Slowly turn to the left slowly to the extent and say and adjust
If you say you're going to stop soon, or if it's a little upset, it's just a bit
Turn to the right to increase the idle speed
Well I will not stop the engine waiting for traffic lights
So what a child's setting is just one shot
Easily the bad guys' s I a I guess over here on the left side of the adjustment and the right of adjusting the way many times repeated
While
Saying just the right place condition often can run so it is a little day-building to
I here first, when the theme is just like a stop at good Well briefly summarized
Turn the left screw down all the way to the right
And back about one and a half turns so it fits a little bit
It's like I'm fine-tuned, so here's the engine
Oh yeah slowly slowly yeah back to the left and say at the number of rotations that you do not est
Adjust to the company Mashi this right I think the key in maintaining the number of revolutions of the extent that it does not stall even Toka
Tatoh
When it is stopped
Be careful not to turn too much to the right, because the engine is so noisy
I need it
And engine stall in the signal waiting by successfully adjusting the Ekoko I mean that Well Well
Seems to be able to prevent
It 's kind of like that, but I could hardly explain it.
but
Well when you search stock signal waiting entost with net, that quite
There are many ways to adjust the carburetor, so if you look at that , you will
I think I do not understand
I think that there Toka that description quite wrong part Toka little funny part of me
But please understand that a little breath is that newbie
That
Once Well try it a little fiddling as I said that earlier
a The engine is suddenly stopped by waiting for a signal
Or what is the number of revolutions of the after something idle hemorrhoids it over over I started something engine is a low number of revolutions
Stop is likely the middle or strange sound began around anymore do you or I inexpensive Poppo like a did you
I was repeating something like
Anoa in
Once I adjusted it, I started to rotate properly from the moment I started playing it
It sounds like a nice sound
Every so often Toka Na stalls in the fact that now the Well that also come from your wait
The reason why the engine seems to stop well after running the engine
I hope to try the adjustment of that carburetor in the case of say I wish or start moving
I think it is not
Description I so kinda again saying you have but that after all that sumi painting dentist
I think it's going to be funny, so if you're actually trying it that way I 'll go online and search
Search for and try
There I'm sorry but I forgot earlier of little means the adjustment of that carburetor
If you do not adjust after warming up the engine after sufficient warm-up operation when
So supplement
And leave plus wear and then you place the last to put a little engine One
I'll show you and finish
Hey this is not like this
It takes at a stroke properly
Tone of Emaen tea is also good
Something I'd also feel called Well wonder if a nice little that set the rotational speed to increase quality
If you lower it further
Anyway Well now I feel in Anonan Kasugu I think I'll be engine stall nano
I think I will ride for a while
I 'm sorry that the road was a little longer so then I 'm bye bye